Subtitles and audio translation will begin later. Please wait for the official start of the video.
Well, good evening, family. Thank you for joining us again today.
I'm going to go over some things that we're seeing in the news.
There are a lot of rumors going around about the war and where we are with an escalation of things.
I thought it was interesting when I heard some things on Fox just a couple of minutes ago. Braden was catching me up on some things.
This guy came back out; the Supreme Leader of Iran came out today and he is saying that Iran will never give up nuclear and missile technology.
They're going to keep on keeping on like we all knew they would.
They're crazy, but they're going to enrich and do things. As he stated this today, I have had a great caution.
I told Diana all evening, praying in the spirit as I was doing yard work, 'I feel there's something major about to happen.'Now, I'm going to say this, and this may come across as very controversial, but I seem to stay on that kind of a line, don't I?
People want to know, 'Brandon, what do you think about the assassination attempt of Donald Trump and what happened with this shooter?'In my opinion, it was fake.
Do I believe that it was a legitimate assassination attempt? No, I do not.
I do not mean this in any disrespect toward our president, but it might come across that way immediately.
Inside of me, when I pray over this and I hear all the other prophetic voices saying there's something to this—and this might be really bad for me to say—people want to know my opinion and what I have prayed about concerning this.
There's something wrong. There's something off. 'Brandon, do you feel they staged this?'In my opinion, yes. I'm just telling you there's something off.
People can get mad at me all they want, but I'm never going to shy away from what I believe and what I feel in my spirit.
Do I believe Trump had a hand in this? I can't say that I do. All I know is there's something not right with it.
Do I believe it's political theater? Yes. I don't know who had authority or authorization to do this.
I'm not going to sit there and say, 'I believe it was them or them.'I just know there's something not right.
I'm not going to get on the prophet train with everybody else and say, 'I believe this is what God's saying.'No, I don't feel that.
I feel like there's something wrong, and I'm just praying. I'm not trying to be a conspiracy theorist, and I don't listen to all the mainstream media and what everybody else says.
There's something not right about it in my spirit, and that's all I'm going to say.
You just asked my opinion, so I give it to you. Now, the other part of it is I believe there is an attempt that's real.
I believe there's something major about to take place, and we need to pray for our president.
There are things that I am seeing that I have not put out in public that are very serious concerning our president.
The Lord has not released me to talk about that. But I'm going to tell you this: if that was staged and it was fake, there's a real something coming.
There's something real that we must pray for him. I believe it's a foreign nation.
I've already told you Russia. I've already told you France.
There's something more to this. Do I believe that we can stop it?
I'm still praying into that. I'm still praying for his protection.
I'm praying, as I said, I saw a dark shadow influencing him that was on his right side, and I said 'the king.'Now, do you know how many people come out and tell me, 'Brandon, how dare you talk about the king?
He's a God-fearing man.'Well, he made a portrait with him in fire, and there was red fire all around him, and he was burning.
What an odd thing for a Christian to do; it's kind of interesting, don't you think?
So, I don't jump on y'all's wagon just because of what you try to tell me in emails and everything.
You know what? I already told you I could be wrong. I'm just human.
But when I pray in the spirit, I have a caution about King Charles.
I have a caution that he is part of the Antichrist. I saw him as a scorpion.
I saw him as a dark figure in the end times. I saw him overcoming cancer.
I saw his daughter-in-law overcoming this. And the Lord has asked me to pray for her and for George.
The little boy, I said in the days ahead, will be an outspoken person that will be very dark.
I saw the little boy and the Lord said, 'Pray about this.'I see these things in part.
Am I trying to come against people and say things against their character?
No. I just tell you what I see. And if you don't like it, you can watch somebody else.
There are a lot of prophetic people that want to tell you what they think you want to hear.
But I'm not here to tickle your ears. I'm not here to tell you what's politically correct or popular opinion.
I tell you what I pray about and what I see in the visions that God gives me. And they're not always going to be popular.
The Lord said, 'People are going to hate you,'and it's proved to be accurate. But I am not here to tell you what you want to hear.
I'm here to tell you what I believe in my heart and what I've heard God tell me to tell you.
There's a great shaking to awaken coming to this nation, political theater in 2026.
Also, what I have heard is 1 Corinthians 5:5. There will be a lot of people that are shaken to awaken in the days ahead.
I love our president. I pray for him with everything. I pray for his wife and his kids.
But I told you I don't believe that there's a lot of politicians that are good.
They might have good intentions, but good intentions pave the way to hell.
This is just my opinion of what the Lord has showed me. Good intentions pave the way to hell.
Either you're all in or you're not. There's no compromise in my heart when it comes to the things of God.
Either you have your heart all sold out to Jesus, but there is no gray. It's just black and white.
Either you're all in and you love Jesus Christ with all your heart, or you're on the side of the devil.
When it comes to what's coming, you better be all in or you better be on the other side.
There's no time to play political theater. The only person that's going to save America is the Lord Jesus Christ.
It's not a president, any politician, the Senate, or the House.
It's a people waking unto God and having a backbone like a crowbar, standing for what's right and praying for people that will vote and do things right.
I told you the First Amendment is in trouble. I said they're going to come after the First Amendment very strong in the days ahead.
And guess what they came out saying today? We see a lot of influence from foreigners telling bad things about the conspiracy of this shooting and all this stuff.
And that came from foreign adversaries immediately. Then we see it's all on social media because we hear it.
And look, this lady over here is parroting this and parroting that.
I ain't parroting nothing. I go by what the Spirit of God is telling me inside of my spirit.
It may not be popular. You probably say, 'I'm unsubscribing.'Well, bye.
I'm not here to sway you to want to have to be here. If you feel God's called you to pray with me, then be here.
If not, then I'll sail off into the sunset and go and pray by myself. But either way, I'm seeking Jesus with all my heart.
And when we lay hands on the sick and they recover, that's what we're expecting.
We want to see the Great Commission fulfilled in these last days.
We're going to cast out devils, we're going to raise the dead, and we're going to see blinded eyes open.
I'm not getting on the political drama and the theater of the prophetic network on YouTube and being a part of the echo.
You either stand and be a voice or you're going to be an echo, echoing what everybody else says.
I'm not here to echo anybody. I tell you what I hear and if I believe it's accurate, I'll tell you.
I believe they're hearing God, but I believe there's a lot of false prophets on YouTube and they're echoing what they heard somebody else say.
But I'm going to tell you, if it lines up with old words and things that God is saying—He's not schizophrenic.
Like I said, some people get the highlights of the headline and somebody gets the detail of the story.
Not everybody always is going to get everything, but we hear in part and see in part.
But sometimes God gives you more of that prophetic word and somebody might just get the headlines.
Does that make sense? So I just stay to myself. That's why people ask me, 'Do you listen to this prophet?
Do you listen to this prophet?'No, because I don't want them influencing my visions.
I don't want them influencing what the Lord is giving me. Because if you start letting those voices in, they start messing with your head.
I'm not going to let it. I want to stay close to Him and stay on the vine.
Stay close to Jesus in these last days. I don't want to be an echo.
I want Him to be a voice through me. And if I miss it, I want to be bold about saying, 'Hey, listen.
I missed it. Forgive me. We're a work in progress here.'But I'm just telling you what I feel in my spirit.
What's coming about this? There's something off. I prayed over it all day long before I even said what I said.
But there's something more coming. There's something darker coming.
And we must pray for our president. We must pray for JD Vance. We must pray for Rubio.
We must pray for the new financial people that are about to take the job in the next couple of days.
I don't know if, in my opinion, this was staged or whatever. I don't know who did it, but something doesn't feel right.
So there you go. People want to know. And probably I shouldn't tell you what I feel in my spirit sometimes, but I do.
I'm not here to hide anything. I just tell you what I pray about.
But I don't agree with Tucker Carlson and I don't agree with Candace. I don't agree with Alex Jones on some things.
I believe Alex Jones—God has His hand on him and God's going to use him greatly in the days ahead, like a John the Baptist.
And I see... the Lord said Tucker Carlson's heart will turn gray. It's turning gray.
But in the days ahead, he will turn black towards Me and he will speak out greatly against the Christians in the days ahead.
I saw his heart turning gray to black. And the Lord said, 'And I saw him standing back, but I saw Alex Jones coming forward.
And I saw his heart becoming pure and pliable to the hand of the Lord.'And the Lord said, 'I will use this man in the days ahead.'I saw Candace Owens in a straight jacket.
She looked as nutty as a fruit bat—nutty as a fruitcake—way out here. I saw a white rabbit going down a hole.
And the Lord said, 'The conspiracies will not be so much conspiracy.'I saw her become loony because of a spirit trying to get a hold of her mind.
The Lord said, 'Pray for her. I had much more for her to do.'So, I'm just telling you what I saw.
But I saw others like Glenn Beck—praying for Glenn Beck because God has His hand on him.
People say, 'Well, he's Mormon,'but I believe he could become radically born again.
Do I agree with the Mormon faith? No. But I believe they're good people.
Do I believe in the Jehovah Witness faith? No. But I believe they're good people.
They're just deceived and have false doctrine. That's what I've told you a thousand times.
I believe they're good people who just need some correction in their doctrine.
And the Lord told me in the days ahead, 'I'm going to visit the LDS.'I'm going to visit the Mormon people and there'll be a great revival and a correction of bad doctrine.
There's going to be a church split. And when this church split takes place, a great revival will happen in the LDS church.
I saw the Holy Ghost and fire fall on those people. The Lord said, 'I'm going to make the wrongs right.'I saw a lot of them would.
And there'll be a shaking in their church and a great move of God in their church.
To the ones that are hungry and thirsty, He said, 'I will visit them.'That's what I saw.
And as I have been praying over the revival this week, I am telling you, the youth are about to have a major revival.
God is going to visit the youth of America and around this world.
You're about to see a shaking in the youth like you've never seen before.
And I believe in the days ahead He could use Erica. I saw a new husband coming up beside her.
I keep seeing this young man. Do I know who he is? I wouldn't tell you if I did.
Pray for her to pick the right one. There'll be many suitors in the days ahead—many pursuers.
Some for fame, some for money. Not all pure intentions concerning this woman.
Some people are in it for political gain, some because of who she's around, and some for finances, some to make a name for themselves.
So you pray for people to find the right one because God has a plan to use people. Are you perfect? No. Is she perfect? No. Am I perfect? No.
But if you have a heart—if you just give God a crack—do you realize how much the Lord can do with that?
It's all hands on deck. He said, 'Brandon, I can use whoever I want to use.
It doesn't mean I want them in your circle to influence you, but there'll be a loud voice, and help Me pray for them.'The way He looks at things is not the way I do.
His thoughts are way higher than mine and His ways are so much bigger than my ways. I think small about things, but God is so vast.
But God is looking for those that just have a yielded 'want to'and say, 'Yes, here am I, Lord.
Send me.'Do they have everything always right? No. But they're just hungry.
And God can take a little fire, a little spark, and turn it into a forest fire.
So, you still like me? You still here tonight? Or have y'all ran away and said, 'Brandon, I hate you'? That's okay.
I love y'all anyway, and I pray for you, but I will tell you what I feel in my spirit and be truthful with you.
So, there you go. All right. So, anything else? Yeah. $200 oil.
Where do we hear that? Not financial advice. All in my opinion, what the Lord has told me.
But I saw $200 a barrel coming. And will it happen? I pray not because I saw gas lines for miles long.
People waiting to get gas in certain countries and they couldn't find gas in certain gas stations. They would run out. Oil would cause it.
From what I hear from Braden, he told me, Johnny Bravo and some of these others said that a $200 barrel of oil would cause a massive depression.
US national debt surpassed the size of the entire United States GDP for the first time since World War II.
The sky is falling. Run. It's pretty bad, huh? But people have their head in the sand. They don't see what's coming.
I've tried to tell you, you'll see a stimulus come with a big old horse needle and everything's going to be looking great.
And you know, the economy is great. We're having a party. I said, "You better line your pockets.
There'll be a day when there'll be food lines."I saw food lines a mile long.
They were lined up trying to get gas. They're trying to get food.
And all the banking—in my opinion, what I've seen, what the Lord showed me—when you wake up one morning, I saw all the banks seizing all the money in the banks and they wouldn't let anybody get anything.
And there were lines trying to get money out of ATMs and there was no money.
I saw it and I saw the $50 bill and a $100 bill on a flag and it was waving and half of it became faded out.
Do you remember that? That was one of my first visions I ever had on here.
And I saw it started waving and it became digital and there were lines and they were all going into Target and they were taking the things in Target and they were giving people a little brown bag of food but people had nice clothes on. They didn't look bad.
I remember looking in the line and thinking, "What is going on?"But all of it was just like it was in the stimulus and whenever they were giving out freezing credit card bills and house payments and car payments and you didn't have to pay it for a season whenever COVID was going on because people couldn't work.
So they made the institutions freeze everything. That's what happened in this and I saw it.
But then they came out and they made everything digital in a very strong way.
But it was no longer cash at all at that time. It wasn't a two-thing like cash and digital.
It was all digital at that time. And there was nobody with any cash.
And the banks went bankrupt. That's what I saw in a vision. I remember seeing that.
It was very clear. New Trump IRA. Right. Here it is. Here's stimulus. IRA. Is that right? Is that what I'm looking?
I don't know if a new Trump IRA site offers a thousand to low-income retirement savers.
What is that all about? Who is it? Trump. Oh, Trump's doing it.
I told you. Here comes the shot. $1,000 to low-income retirement savers.
It's just the beginning of it from what I have seen. In my opinion, the floodgates will open here pretty soon, I believe.
We'll just keep watching. Okay. Anything else? He said he wears a vest.
Why? He needs to. He said he is pounds heavier. Who cares about that?
We need you here. I thought of all people he would wear that. Why?
I think Obama did. President Trump. Somebody needs to tell him to at least wear something thin.
And I sure wouldn't announce that on TV. That is nobody's business.
Attacking. Yeah. UFOs. Okay. UFOs. What is he saying? You can't put Benny on there.
He said the earth has been visited by non-hostile advanced civilizations and the humans are the ones hostile to them. That's interesting.
He says that Matt Gaetz is correct about the secret hybrid breeding program between aliens and humans with the goal of combining DNA.
I don't even know what to say about that statement. Oh wow. The Nephilim.
That's the goal. That's the goal. Can you just—okay, we'll have to erase this out of here.
We can't keep it. It's Benny Johnson's. I don't want him to strike me.
Show—I want to hear this man talk. Well, I didn't hear this. This is what the stuff the Lord showed us.
And he's been telling us this was coming. This is as the days of Noah.
They're going to be mixing the DNA. It happened before and it's happening again. I saw lizard people.
I saw people that—I saw something behind Elon that made his mind smart like this and it was a cross.
He was a hybrid and I told everybody, I said, "He's not all human."Like his mind's on another scale.
This is different. People like Brandon, you say a lot of things.
I'm telling you I saw an overshadowing of this thing on Elon. Play that. I want to hear that.
It's a very serious issue and I will tell you if this is disclosed improperly, it'll be a thousand times worse than COVID.
And I think that when you're talking about the fact we are being visited by advanced civilizations, they are not hostile.
If they were hostile, we'd be gone. But we have approached them very hostily.
We have literally downed at least a thousand or more of their spacecraft using illegal electromagnetic pulse weapons.
And I know where they're being used and how they're being used.
And we have captured those bodies. Some living, some dead. Pause.
Mr. P, pause. Magnetic pulse weapons. What I said they will use in the Tribulation.
That's even what I said. That's the exact words used in the Tribulation.
An electromagnetic pulse weapon. Braden, Braden, you should have shown me this earlier.
Wow. I said they use it and they knock you out. They don't—I said they don't use guns on you.
They just point this thing and everybody just falls down and you don't stand up. And they don't have to use guns.
And then either you take the mark of the beast or they cut your head off right there.
Oh man. With electromagnetic pulse, even that's what I called it.
That's too over the top when you're seeing the stuff that I saw in the Tribulation. Play. I want to hear.
Gaetz was correct in saying that there are some gruesome programs being run by the military where they've been trying to combine DNA of these creatures with humans and they come out with these monstrous-looking things that are used to abduct people.
So everyone hears about alien abductions. It's not the extraterrestrials doing it.
It's a covert human program and we know this and we can prove it. So this is a huge story.
It is the biggest scandal in the history of the United States and its founding.
I think for our 250th anniversary, we should be liberated from the secrecy, and these extraordinary technologies that could benefit all of humanity need to begin to be looked at to be brought out.
I want to watch the rest of that episode, not now, but later. Wow. Wow. That is huge. Can I see one of those?
Do they have the picture of the weapon with electric from the aliens they call an electric—this advanced technology?
I would like to see because I have—it's big and they hold it like this and they just turn their body and it just looks like a cone and I remember the way they held it.
They held it with both hands and they just pointed it in the direction and they could mount it on cars.
Mount it on their Hummers. Oh, there's that one. I want to hear it.
It's only one minute. I don't know what this is. I never watched it.
Oh, no. So, if he cusses or anything, please forgive us. We don't know.
UFO. Just play it. If it drops a bad word, we'll edit it out. But forgive us if it does.
The big one would be this what Wernher von Braun warned about on his deathbed.
He said, "We are going to hoax an alien attack on the planet."It's all a lie, but it will trick and fool almost everyone.
In a minute, they could stage this and it would fool people. Look at what they've been doing for decades, fooling everyone.
Everyone thinks those are alien events. Our military guys chasing these objects think those are military, but they're not—they're military.
They want to unite the world around a totalitarian system. How do you get every race, ethnicity, or nation to stop fighting with each other?
You create a bigger problem up there. Is he watching our stuff?
I'm not kidding. He must have watched our tribulation video.
That's what I said they're going to do. They're going to bring on a false alien invasion. That's what they're going to do.
And they're going to tell everybody the church was punished; the Christians were punished.
This is what happened. And they're going to tell everybody.
I've seen it. That's creepy. That's pretty amazing though.
Good find, Braden. That was entertaining right there. I appreciate that; I liked it.
Because it confirms what I've said and what the Lord has said.
The ability to hoax an attack on our planet is real. To hoax—remember the word.
That's a big one. You should capitalize on 'hoax'and 'attack.'Remember that.
It's not real; it's fake. This is all fake news, fake stuff. What's going on is sleight of hand.
Look over here as we take it over here. First Amendment, Second Amendment, 13th Amendment—these major things.
All glory to Jesus. We love you, Father. We're so grateful. We'll have to watch Johnny Bravo later and see what he's doing.
He probably has a lot of opinions about all this. Oh man, it's not easy being cheesy.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for the body. We're so grateful for every single person who is represented here tonight.
Father, we're so grateful for this time we've had to pray. Lord, we know our opinions can offend people, but we're not here to make friends.
We're here to tell people what you're saying and be accurate, not flaky.
Father, I thank you that if we're wrong, you correct us. Forgive me; we did the best we could.
And Lord, if we mess up and say the wrong things, we'll correct it quickly.
We'll always correct it quickly. But we are always seeking your face.
We don't want to be a parrot to the end-times stuff; we want to be a voice.
Father, I thank you that sometimes you stand alone. We take this body and we lift it up before you.
We're so grateful, Father, that you put up with all our messes, like little kids that dump milk on the ground.
We say, "Dad, could you help us clean it up?"Even when we mess up, you're always there.
You're never mean; you're always that friend. You clean up our messes with a smile in your heart.
You're never looking at us as a bother; you always look at us as a work in progress.
Every single one of us is a work in progress. And we're so grateful, Father, that you've never given up on any of us. No matter how much we've messed up, you never give up.
You are always looking at us, saying, "I see the potential in you to do something good in the days ahead."No matter how bad you messed up, I don't look at that; I look at what's coming.
"What can you do for me in the days ahead?"Lord, I'm so grateful that I'm joint heirs with you, that I'm adopted, and that you've healed me.
You've delivered me. You've turned my life around. You've put my feet on higher ground.
I'm so thankful for all that you've done for us. And I'm so grateful for your healing power that flows on the inside of us.
And we receive it in the name of Jesus. Amen. Lord, we take the blood.
We apply the blood over us. We make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
We give you praise and glory for the blood of Jesus. It never loses its power. Great is your faithfulness to us, God.
And we're so thankful that you've given us a boldness to stand when there is nothing else to do but stand.
Stand therefore. We're not moved by what we see or what we feel.
We're moved by what the word of God says. And by his stripes, we're healed.
We take this blood and apply it to our lives. We're not moved by all the drama of this world.
We're moved by what you are doing, Father. You are sitting on that throne and you're not swayed by any of this.
You're patient with us. But Father, there's great correction coming.
You've warned me, and I want to be on the right side of it in the cleft of that rock, being right next to you in that secret place of the Most High.
We take this blood and we thank you, Lord, that it's by your blood that we are protected and safe.
Great is your faithfulness to us, O God. Because of the blood—I know it was the blood—it is the blood that saved me.
One day when I was lost, Jesus died on the cross, and I know it was the blood for me.
Three days and he arose for me. I make the words up as I go, but I like it.
Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord, for the blood of Jesus. I anoint my soul with oil.
I know it was the blood for me. They whipped him all night long for me.
They pierced him in his side for me. He hung his head and died for me. Old songs. Thank you, Father, for the blood shed for me.
We're so grateful for all that you've done and all that you continue to do. Lord, I thank you for the river.
I hope I didn't grieve the Holy Spirit tonight for telling you all my opinion about all that.
I probably should have just kept my mouth shut, but there's part of me that doesn't have anything to hide.
I tell you what I feel inside. When I'm praying about it and I flow in that river, that's what I feel.
Lord, I don't mean dishonor to anybody. Blessed are the pure in heart, for they will see you, Lord.
Purify our hearts. Cleanse us, Father, that we stand upright with you.
We're not worried about what everybody else thinks. We only care about what you think.
People's opinions sway like the wind. But Father, we know that your opinion of us stands strong forever.
Yet you have a plan for our lives. And we seek you, Lord, and we will find you.
Now, Lord, concerning America, concerning what I've seen coming in the storm, let's see here.
I have to see something real quick. Okay, it's 10 o'clock. There's something I'm looking for.
What is today? Thank you, baby. There's something I'm looking for.
So, the Knicks are in the next round. Father, we're so thankful.
Father, we thank you. What can wash away my sin? Nothing but the blood of Jesus.
What can make me whole again? Nothing but the blood of Jesus.
Oh, precious is the flow that makes me white as snow. No other fount I know; it is nothing but the blood of Jesus.
What can wash away my sin? Nothing but the blood of Jesus. What can make me whole again?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus. Oh, precious is the flow that makes me white as snow.
No other fount I know; it's nothing but the blood of Jesus. What can wash away my sin?
That's it. It's nothing but the blood of Jesus. What can make me whole again?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Father, for it never loses its power.
Great is your faithfulness. Do you have that one? Great is your faithfulness.
Morning by morning, new mercies I see. All I have needed, thy hands have provided.
Great is thy faithfulness, Lord, unto me. Great is thy faithfulness.
Great is thy faithfulness. He's faithful. He's faithful. He's worthy.
You know what? I just saw something for the first time ever. I think he needs to sing it to me one more time.
Brennan, great is thy faithfulness. Morning by morning, new mercies I see.
All I have needed, thy hands have provided. Great is thy faithfulness, Lord, unto me.
Great is thy faithfulness. Great is thy faithfulness. That's it.
His faithfulness. It's morning by morning. New mercies I see.
All I have needed, thy hands have provided. Great is thy faithfulness, Lord, unto me. As I was singing that, I could see it.
I could see his light above all the turbulence of what's going on with social media and everybody's opinions.
There are layers of hearing him. There are layers of the heavens.
And as I was coming up higher when I was singing, I went up to where he was.
I could come up to that level, and it's where you hear him the clearest.
Or you can be where all the static's at, and it's a bunch of chickens clucking on the ground.
Fly like an eagle above all the Christian turbulence, all the Christian static, all the noise. There's so much noise.
And as I could see the noise of everybody's opinion because you're not up higher with him when I said what I said just a little bit ago, I could feel the opinions coming against me.
And I said, 'Lord, should I have said all that?'But it was so much of all the static, and I could feel all the negativity coming against me on the airways and it was bouncing off of me and I was like, 'Well, what do I do with this?'because I had so many, and they were women.
I heard men and women. Some people were for me, but I could hear your opinions.
There are a lot of you that were angry at me and the live, and they clicked out; a lot of people left.
They were angry and I could hear these elders. They were really upset about what I was saying.
But as I broke free from your opinion, I flew high. Right then, I could hear it.
I went deep with him, and I went up where his throne was and he said, 'Well done.'And that's all that matters to me.
'Well done, son.'That's what he said. He said, 'Well done, son.'They don't hear me anyway.
That's okay. They have their opinion. It's okay. Come up higher.
Come up higher to the throne of grace. Great is thy faithfulness.
That's where he's at. He's not on social media. Great is thy faithfulness.
Come higher above all the static that you hear. There's too much drama down here.
You got to go higher with him up here. And I don't care what prophet so-and-so says.
I'm not in their boat. I'm with him. Remember, in these last days, there'll be many false prophets.
You got to watch who you're listening to. Great is thy faithfulness.
You can't match a word up to what you think it belongs to just because it fits your puzzle of what you think.
You can cut the edges off of the puzzle piece to make it fit there. Right?
I'm going to break that off right there, put it, and there it fit.
And you're like, 'No, that's actually a black and white piece.
That doesn't fit right there.'There's something else coming.
There's a storm. There's something else coming. Great distractions you will see.
You must come up higher in your relationship or you'll be swayed by every different kind of voice.
You must find him yourself. You must learn to go above all this Christian static and flakiness.
You must learn to come up higher and be an eagle with him and come up to his throne room.
You must learn to do this on your own. You do not need a prophetic voice to guide you.
You need the Holy Spirit. For those that are led by the spirit of God are the sons and daughters of God. He didn't say those that are led by prophets.
Prophets are there to confirm, to exhort, to help you along the way, to give you a boost, to give you wind in your sails a little bit, but it's never there to lead you anymore.
You have the spirit of God inside of you to lead you. It's more of a distraction than not.
Find him. Take off the training wheels and ride. Come up, come up, come up to the throne.
You must learn to listen to him yourself. Drink from the well that never shall run dry.
Fill our cup, Lord. We lift it up, Lord. Come and quench this thirsting of our soul.
Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more. Fill my cup, fill it up, and make me whole.
Come up higher. Come up higher. Fill our cup, Lord. We lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench this thirsting of our soul. Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more.
Fill my cup, fill it up, and make me whole. Fly higher. Fly higher.
That's where he's at. What's the song, Lord? The one that I sang last night.
He said, 'I like it so much.'And all my life you have been faithful. And all my life you have been so good.
With every breath that I am able, I'm going to sing of the goodness of God.
And all my life you have been faithful. And all my life you have been so good.
Your mercy is running after me. Your mercy is running after me.
All my life I lay down, I surrender now. I give you everything.
I give you everything. Your mercy is running after me. I've tried it.
I hit that note way too high. And all my life you have been faithful. And all my life you have been so good.
With every breath that I am able, I'm going to sing of the goodness of God. Your mercy is running after me, Lord. He's been so good.
When you go up to that high place that I'm talking about tonight and you leave all this Christian turbulence alone, you've got to come up higher above it.
You're not going to make it if you don't. You won't make it in the days ahead if you don't learn how to fly higher.
You've got to come up higher with him. There's too much static.
There's too much noise. Social media is toxic. There's too much noise.
You must find him for yourself. And those that seek him will find him.
And those that knock, the door will be opened unto him. Your mercy is running after me.
Your mercy is running after me. I love your voice. You have led me through the fire in the darkest night.
You are close like no other. I've known you as a father; I've known you as a friend.
And I have lived in the goodness of God. Because all my life you have been faithful, and all my life you have been so good.
With every breath that I am able, I'm going to sing of the goodness of God.
I like that song. Father, we just thank you, Lord, for this time of prayer tonight.
You know when he tells you those things: 'Well done. Good job.'You push.
There's something that has been off—not with me, but with what I've been praying—and I can feel it so strong concerning America.
And he's now blocked me from singing it and saying it. If you've noticed, I haven't prayed for certain things because he says, 'Stop.
Decisions have been made.'I said, 'Well, can we override this?
Can we pray?'He'll say, 'Be still today concerning this.'And I'll push as hard as I can. He'll say, 'Hush now.'And even my son will notice.
He'll say, 'Daddy, what did that mean?'Because I know he's become so familiar being my scribe.
He writes down everything that the Lord gives us. And he takes note of every prophetic word that I've ever given or had privately.
He has them in archives. He's studied every single one of them. He's memorized them.
And he knows more about the prophetic now, I think, than most teenagers do because he flows with me so much. And he'll listen and he'll know when something's off.
And he'll even say stop and he'll say, 'Daddy, I know when you're flowing and what's going on and there's something wrong.'And I said, 'Yeah, there's something so much bigger than what these people realize.'And there's something so much more than I can ever convey on this camera.
And many of you are going to be shaken so much in the days ahead because you don't know how to hear him for yourself.
'Well, what do I do, Brandon? What do I do?'I didn't say get in a panic.
I said, 'Get serious with God.'You must find him or you are in trouble in the days ahead.
People will call this a great Ichabod for some of the things and some of the things I've seen in other nations.
They will say it's an Ichabod. It is not Ichabod. It's not an Ichabod.
God will never leave us and he'll never forsake us. But we are in the last of the last days.
The birthing pains and labor pains are going to become so intense that you're going to think it's an Ichabod. It's not an Ichabod.
The church will rise and you'll see the glorious church operating like we've never seen her operate before.
But whenever you're not close to him and you're not part of the remnant because your heart's not all in and you're only riding the prophetic waves of what you hear on YouTube and you don't have intimacy with him other than what you do by click or like or subscribe or whatever, you are in trouble.
You must have a foundation with him alone with this Bible. You must get it down in your heart.
I don't care what anybody else says. If this is not priority in your life for what I've seen coming, you're in trouble.
And I yell this very loudly tonight. There's too much prophetic drama and theater. And you must find Jesus for yourself.
First Amendment rights are going to be challenged in the days ahead, especially on social media closer to 2028 than what you realize concerning elections, concerning censors.
It's saying, 'Hey, you're not going to be able to say this, say that,'and you're going to have to find him because AI is going to throw you a curveball on what you're listening to and what you're seeing.
AI is going to throw you a curveball. The Lord has warned me even about the finances and about what's happening because there's so many people that have been tail riders.
They've invested and they've done things because of what they've heard and they didn't hear for themselves.
What does God have for you? What did God tell you to do by seeking him daily?
And when you seek him, he wants to have a relationship with you.
It's that wonderful time. Welcome back. I'm so glad you're here. Let's talk.
Just a second ago, flying above all that was pushing against me, I almost just said, 'I'm done tonight.
See y'all later,'because I could feel it and it was that strong against me.
But the Lord said, 'Fly higher, boy. Fly higher.'And I went up higher.
But I could feel it so much coming against me. But it was the people.
And it was Christians. I could hear you, but the Lord was allowing me to.
I'm just telling you, it's wonderful to be free from your opinion.
So say, 'Take your opinions to hell with them.'I don't care. I'm following Jesus.
Everybody has an opinion, but Jesus will set you free from people's opinions.
It doesn't matter what Sister Clipboard says. It's about what he says.
God loves you and he wants you to find his voice for you—that still, small voice being led by the spirit of God.
And that's what I have to say to you tonight. How long has this been going on, Braden?
Now I'm going to pray. I push and I get over there and I'm looking.
That's not bad—an hour and nine minutes. Well, praise the Lord, Braden.
We're way ahead. I'm already seeing. I can see that I'm being quiet and listening.
I'm watching because I see on the other side and I can see that throne room and I can see the upper layers.
There's this layer, there's this layer, and then there's this layer.
Which one you choose? The higher you fly. This layer is where everybody is hearing.
Down here, and there's so much, it's the one you go, 'I don't know if that's God or not. Is that just my own flesh?'That's this layer.
When you come up here, you get more familiar and you go, 'I'm pretty assured that's the Lord.'But when you get here, you know.
You're fully persuaded. I'm fully persuaded that's my father. There isn't—that's not the devil; that's Jesus.
And you know him whenever you get to that place where you fly higher.
But down here, it's interesting because there's so much different chatter and clutter.
You always know when you're not high enough, when your roots aren't deep enough.
And there are so many people that just live there. They live in this bottom level.
That's where the catfish are. Father, we worship you tonight.
Healings and demonstrations and manifestations of the glory.
Now, Father, we lift up this war before you and what's going on. Okay, we're going to pray over Ukraine and Russia.
And that's what I just saw right then—praying over Ukraine and Russia and the decisions that will be made in the not-too-distant future.
You're going to be watching South Korea in the days ahead. I see that.
You'll be watching South Korea. You're going to be watching Japan.
You're going to be watching what's coming across the land. Okay.
You want me to say that out loud? I am as bold as a lion for you. Thank you.
Remember, I see sorrow. I see that black cat. What is that black cat doing?
Hey, son. Get her, mama. Thank you. Yes. Hey, love. Yeah. I'm sorry.
I was cranky with you today. The Lord said I need to make that right.
I was cranky today and I shouldn't have been. I'm on live. It doesn't matter.
The Lord corrected me while I was praying. He said, "You want to get on the other side of that?
You're going to make that right."And I'm making it right publicly. I shouldn't have been cranky. I was cranky.
I know you do, but I'm saying it because the Lord corrected me immediately, and I'm seeing some things, and it's very heavy.
He said, "You were cranky today. Make that right."I apologize.
I was cranky; I shouldn't have been. It's just pressure. I shouldn't have done that.
I apologize to you. The Lord said, "Make that right. Walk in love.
Get on the other side of this."I was not happy. I was bad, but the Lord said fix my attitude.
I sure love you. I love you too. Now, I got on the other side of that.
I was hitting a wall because of my bad attitude today, and I was seeing it.
The Lord said, "You've got to fix that because there's something there."When I'm blocking in the spirit, I can't get on the other side of it.
I asked, "What is blocking me?"and He said, "Your attitude towards your wife."I said, "I'm sorry."So, I'm just public about it.
The Lord said, "Fix this if you want to go on the other side of this to see what it is."There's a major event about to hit America, and it's hindering me in my prayer.
So, I'm just being real with y'all, and I'll fix it. You've got to fix it in front of thousands of people.
I'm just being real with y'all. The Lord told me to fix that. I'm public, I'm live, because I want to get on the other side of that to help, and it's real.
I'm trying to lead by example. My attitude was terrible today.
I was cranky, and the Lord said fix it. I apologize. Confess your faults one to another.
Well, I just did it in front of thousands of people. There you go.
But I want to get on the other side of this, and I'm telling you there's a black swan. There's a black flag event.
There's something major that's about to take place, similar to 9/11, and I was hitting a wall.
The Lord said to fix that, so here we go. I made it right. Hallelujah.
You know, repentance—the moment you say you're sorry, the Lord is washing you in the blood, especially when you make it right with others.
I shouldn't have done it. Lord, I'm so sorry. Thank you, Lord.
Now, I'm in Chicago. You need to listen to me. It's the hotels from the inside out.
Watch the 41st floor.. I'm not saying who's involved in this.
Why? That's all I'm going to ask: Why, Lord? It's about the economy, the oil, and what's going on in Iran.
Big star. In all these major cities, the political theater is about to come up another notch.
The thermostat is going into the red. Political theater will be at an all-time high.
We pray over Don Jr. in the name of Jesus. We cover Don, Eric, the boys, Tiffany, and Barron.
We cover them in the blood over Ivanka. We plead the blood today.
Forgive me, Lord. I see that darkness over there so much. It's so strong.
That darkness all over there on the East. I see New York, the train stations, and the subways.
But when, Lord, when is this? I'm afraid of the case. Too early, and it doesn't have the impact.
Too late, and it's too much of a distraction. People have short attention spans for drama.
What is the maximum impact to get the biggest result? Do you remember January 6th?
There were a lot of good people who were just patriots for our country, and then you had some bad apples in there.
The bad apples messed the whole thing up. You had people who were just protesting and had good voices, like Pastor Brian in Amarillo.
There were good people with good intentions to be patriots, but there were bad apples placed in their midst to influence the whole thing in a wrong way to make it go south.
Does that make sense? You can't label the whole mess and say all the people involved were bad.
No, you had some bad fruit in it with some good fruit. So the whole thing turns bad because you had people who were planted.
What I'm seeing is something very similar to September 11th, but on a very bad scale.
There's something very bad from George Soros to these people who are Antifa, the paid actors, and the conspiracy people.
It's the deep state versus the patriots who are just trying to fight for the country.
They are prayer warriors and good pastors, people who just believe in our nation, like Pastor Brian—just good people with good hearts who love our nation.
And what I see is something very dark. Father, I thank you that every plot and every plan of the wicked is brought to justice in the name of Jesus, foreign and domestic.
Father, I thank you that every plot on every political aisle—blue and red—is exposed.
Every stage. A staged coup. The 25th Amendment. We pray against the staged coup and the 25th Amendment in the name of Jesus.
Tell me the definition. Is it a sudden, often violent illegal seizure of power by a small group, typically military or government elites?
Yes, aimed at replacing... the 25th Amendment. Do you understand what I'm saying?
I'm seeing something very dark like January 6th. We pray over his family, his kids, and over him.
We pray over President Trump and against the attack of the deep state.
This darkness is something so much bigger than what people realize, foreign and domestic.
The origin is very dark. I'm talking about the root stemming out of New York and Washington D.C.
This is so much darker. It's like 9/11. I see the buildings. I see a conspiracy.
I'm seeing the chameleon. I'm seeing the lizard. Don't allow them to say certain words in the chat.
This is very serious, and I don't want to say anything else. I saw it and I've got to back away from it.
I'm live and I'm not going to go there. This is dark. Jesus, I thank you that you protect President Trump.
You put angels around him, his kids, and his wife. We thank you, Lord, that he's always in the right place at the right time.
We pray, Father, that he takes no counsel from the ungodly and the people he trusts the most.
Father, I ask you to birth in him greater discernment on those he trusts so he can see through the static in the military and in his inner circle.
I thank you Father for clarity over his hearing and his vision and what he sees.
Father, I thank you Lord that there is no plan of the 25th amendment or any other thing that will come to fruit.
Oh, you must take this election so serious for the Senate and the House.
This is so much bigger than what you realize. Great distractions concerning the elections.
Lord, show us how to get on the other side of this, for I plead the blood over these visions.
I plead the blood. I hear your voice; a stranger's voice I'll not follow.
I plead the blood over what I'm seeing. We turn this over this nation, over our nation. Macron Macron. I know, Macron.
I still see a provoking in Europe trying to draw this up higher, a provoking trying to use that weapon that has never been used before on Warsaw.
And I see a provoking from a Macron. And I see it trying to draw America into a deeper, greater war for World War III.
And it would be pronounced, and I see it in Europe and I see World War III and I see a plan, a very dark plan with Emmanuel Macron.
In Cuba. What was discussed in that office? I see the king, the face, and President Trump, and I see that something was discussed, something was agreed upon.
But this is something involving the robe, and it's even involving the Pope. I see the Pope and Europe.
This is all about Europe; this is what's coming to Europe concerning leaving NATO.
As they try to come to an agreement for peace, I see a poking of the bear to derail the peace. They want war to fund Ukraine.
It'll be war missiles of greater reach from France; missiles with greater reach, like the Tomahawk missiles.
Do they have longer-range missiles, son? I'm seeing some kind of pact, like a NATO pact, and this is concerning Turkey too.
I see the royals, I see England, I see under-the-table agreements.
I see things that were not in the public eye; agreements in the Oval Office. We pray over President Trump to overcome.
I see a dead dove on the ground, and the dove's eyes look like the ants are eating the eyes.
I see this dove that was once a beautiful looking gray bird. I see this dove dead on the ground and it's in Europe.
The dove that was in the office with the olive branch is dead.
I see it on the ground on concrete ground. The bird is dead. I hear the Lord: the bird is dead.
To make covenants with a lizard, under the table. He had a forked tongue.
It's about NATO. Vive la France, the breath. With the cardinal, I see the cardinal picking at the dove.
A cardinal and the crows will pick at the dove. And there's a turtle.
It's a big turtle with glasses. He moves like a turtle; he's in England.
That man in England, he's a turtle. They hide in their shell for their own protection.
And there's a cobra involved, and the cobra will come from the Middle East.
Then the weasel; man is a weasel, sly like a fox. Pay attention to the dove; it has a wound in its chest right by its heart.
The heart of the dove has been ripped out. There's a hole there, but it's the black crows and that cardinal.
This is so serious. There was a wreath that was presented from Germany.
They want to form an alliance of unity. They're divisive because of Putin.
This is trying to get them to help with Iran concerning Hamas and the Strait.
Let me because my elections are this year. We'll make an agreement under the table.
Help me with this for an election this year; he's out of time.
Trump's out of time. Help me with this under the table for England, you see. But what is in exchange for this?
Because you're dealing with the Scorpion King; you're dealing with the lizards. To pretend to kill the dove.
God would be Jehovah, God abides here and we are standing in His presence on holy ground.
And I know that there are angels all around, let us praise Jesus.
Thank you Lord. Do you hear anything else you want to show me concerning this?
Yes. The panda bear is devising a plan of its own. It has a box.
The panda bear has a box and it's looking over because he doesn't want you to see it.
He has his head down and he's looking in the box, but he has a plan of his own.
He's turning his back on Putin. He's turning his back on everyone else.
And he has a plan by himself. The panda—it's a very evil-looking panda.
It's wrapped in their flag and it's talking to the dragon and North Korea as they gaze upon Taiwan.
Do you see? I see. Yeah, they gaze upon it. Taiwan's glowing with lights.
They're yellow lights. And the panda's licking its lips. The panda is licking its lips.
His big long tongue and he's licking his lips. Well, praise the Lord.
Well, Father, we just praise you tonight for what you've shown us.
And Lord, we thank you that we will pray over this, continue to pray over this.
Thank you, Lord. What's my count right now, son? So many of you are so faithful to pray with me.
I appreciate it. It's always a good number. Always praying. I'm so appreciative of every single one of you.
Thank you for taking your time out of your day to pray with me.
There's so much more you could be doing in your busy lives, but you chose to pray your time with me.
The things I see tonight are very different. But I want to warn you, we always have the victory and we do live in the last days.
And what I'm looking at in Europe is allowing a provoking to take place to try to cause World War III and a greater escalation of things, trying to provoke Putin, trying to provoke this in exchange for help with Iran.
I see Iran and all this going on. Trump's out of time. That's what the Lord kept saying.
He's out of time. There's pressure of time concerning this and the elections this year.
Trying to bring it back home, trying to focus on the economy, trying to boost our own thing up to give the Republicans a lead in the polls.
But there's a coup. There's something much darker like January 6th.
There's something like I hear, the 25th Amendment. There's something dark.
There's an event, this dark event that we need to keep praying over over the next couple of weeks and months.
I see this dark event concerning our president, his safety, and his family.
So, we will continue to pray and we continue to lift up the nations together. I'm not heavy concerning this.
When I'm underneath that anointing and I can see like this, I'm watchful over what I say because I saw great detail, and so I'm not relaying everything that I saw in great detail because it's not necessary tonight.
I am watchful over what God gives me. And we will continue to pray for why the dove's heart is not there, what the cardinal did to the dove, and why did the two black crows come with the lizard.
Does anybody else feel the anointing like that? Does it come through the camera?
I'm always curious at what you can feel. What I feel, the anointing and the presence of the Lord, is so strong.
So I just honor it. I'm not in a hurry to just move. I'm just honoring it, just being still for a minute.
For baby, the Lord said, 'Remember the gypsy cart going down New York, Madison, and Times Square.
Remember the gypsy cart? He said, remember it because there's something connected to it now.'So interesting.
It's something to do with Europe and the gypsy cart coming down Times Square, New York.
That's interesting, the gypsy cart that was rocking back and forth. Well, praise the Lord, y'all. We sure love you.
We pray every single one of you are blessed and you have a wonderful weekend, a wonderful week ahead, the rest of it.
And as we start May 1st, right in the next 15 minutes, May 1st is here.
Isn't Jesus wonderful? The fifth month of the year. How time flies, doesn't it?
May going into June and July. This is the month that we pray for the nation.
This is going to be a very pivotal month. May is a very important month.
Remember that. So, we love y'all. Thank you for joining us. We'll end it here.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart. Jesus loves you so much and we love you. God bless you and we'll see you again soon. Bye-bye.